feat(outputs.mqtt): Enhance routing capabilities (#12224)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/mqtt/README.md

  ## MQTT Topic for Producer Messages
  ## MQTT outputs send metrics to this topic format:

>   ## {{ .TopicPrefix }}/{{ .Hostname }}/{{ .PluginName }}/{{ .Tag "tag_key" }}
>   ## (e.g. prefix/web01.example.com/mem/some_tag_value)
>   ## When a tag is not found within the metric, the segment is ignored and is not considered in the final topic name.
>   ## Where each segment accept either a placeholder, an environment variable, or a key.
>   ## An empty string is illegal as a topic name, in which case, we use by default the input plugin name
>   ## The characters `#` and `+` are reserved in MQTT, therefore, are invalid to use as part of the topic name.
>   ## The following is the default topic format:
>    topic = "{{ .TopicPrefix }}/{{ .Hostname }}/{{ .PluginName }}"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## {{ .TopicPrefix }}/{{ .Hostname }}/{{ .PluginName }}/{{ .Tag "tag_key" }}
  ## (e.g. prefix/web01.example.com/mem/some_tag_value)
  ## Each path segment accepts either a template placeholder, an environment variable, or a tag key 
  ## of the form `{{.Tag "tag_key_name"]]`. Empty path elements as well as special MQTT characters
  ## (such as `+` or `#`) are invalid to form the topic name and will lead to an error.
  ## In case a tag is missing in the metric, that path segment omitted for the final topic.
  # topic = "{{ .TopicPrefix }}/{{ .Hostname }}/{{ .PluginName }}"
```

>   ## The topic_prefix has been made redundant with the added support to a topic based on patterns, however,
>   ## the variable is left in place for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## DEPRECATED: Use the topic template instead.
```

  ## MQTT Topic for Producer Messages
  ## MQTT outputs send metrics to this topic format:
  ## *topic_prefix*/*hostname*/*pluginname*/*tag::tag_key* (e.g. prefix/web01.example.com/mem/some_tag_value)
  ## Where each segment accept either a placeholder, an environment variable, or a key.
  ## The following is the default topic format:

>    topic = "*topic_prefix*/*hostname*/*pluginname*"

Author: This is my first time writing Go. This link looks super interesting. I will investigate further. Seems like a very good idea indeed!
